Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
THIS MUST
BE THE PLACE.
WHAT DOES
THE SIGN SAY?
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
LET'S GO BUST IN
AND FIND OUT.
OK, BOSS, WE'RE
INSIDE THE PLANT.
NOW WHAT?
GET
THOSE ENERGY MODULES,
YOU BUG-BRAINED BABOON.
AND HURRY!
WE'RE ALMOST
OUT OF POWER.
COME ON! THIS'LL BE
A PIECE OF CAKE.
RIGHT,
UPSIDE DOWN CAKE.
THE TURTLES.
CORRECTAMUNDO,
PORK PUSS.
HEY, HOW'D YOU KNOW
WE WAS GONNA HIT
THIS PLACE?
SIMPLE. IT'S
THE ONLY POWER PLANT
IN TOWN
THAT YOU HAVEN'T
HIT YET.
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE
EXCLUSIVE FOOTAGE TO
BRIGHTEN A REPORTER'S DAY.
PACK IT IN, CHUMP.
YOU HAVEN'T
GOT A PRAYER.
AW, YOU WOULDN'T HURT A GUY,
WOULD YOU?
MAYBE HE WOULDN'T,
BUT I WOULD.
OUT OF MY WAY,
SHELL BACKS!
YO, BEBOP!
WAIT FOR ME.
ARE YOU OK, DUDE?
OH, NEVER MIND ME.
LET'S GET THOSE
MUSCLE-BOUND MUTANTS.
TURTLES FIGHT
WITH HONOR!
HOW ABOUT IF I
JUST FIGHT WITH
THIS STUFF?
I CAN'T MOVE!
THIS STUFF'S
LIKE CHEWING GUM.
SHREDDER, GET THE BOYS
ON THE COMLINK.
I'M TRYING! BUT
I'M LOSING THE SIGNAL.
BLAST! WE'RE
OUT OF POWER.
AND I THOUGHT
YOU'D JUST FORGOTTEN
TO PAY
THE ELECTRIC BILL.
OK, WHAT ARE
YOU TWO UP TO
THIS TIME?
CRAM IT IN YOUR SHELL,
WIMP.
SMART ANSWER,
BUT DUMB MOVE.
GRAB ON, BEBOP.
I...GOT IT!
WHOA, STRETCH CITY.
QUICK. GRAB THEM BEFORE--
YOU WERE SAYING...
COME ON.
LET'S BLOW THIS JOINT.
THEY'RE
GETTING AWAY!
UH, WRONG TENSE--
THEY GOT AWAY.
HEY, AMIGOS,
AT LEAST WE STOPPED THEM
FROM CONSUMMATING WHATEVER
NEFARIOUS SCHEME
THEY WERE ATTEMPTING.
WELL, THIS WAS BOUND
TO HAPPEN,
EVER SINCE WE
HOOKED UP TO THAT
EDUCATIONAL TV STATION.
I'D LOVE TO STAY
AND CHAT, GUYS,
BUT I'VE GOT
TO DO A STORY
ON THE SECURITY PROGRAM
AT FORT CHARLES.
FORT CHARLES?
THAT'S THE NEW
MILITARY SUPERCOMPUTER
INSTALLATION.
UH-HUH. THEY'RE STORING
SOME TOP-SECRET
ENERGY SOURCE THERE.
CALL ME CRAZY,
BUT I THINK THERE'S
A PATTERN HERE.
EVERY PLANT
THOSE BOZOS HAVE
TRIED TO BREAK INTO
HAS BEEN DOING
ENERGY RESEARCH.
THEY'RE AFTER POWER
FOR THE TECHNODROME
IN EVERY EPISODE.
RIGHT, BUT I THINK
THEIR SITUATION
IS GETTING WORSE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THIS TIME
THEY DIDN'T EVEN HAVE
THEIR STUN LASERS.
I BET THEY DON'T HAVE
ENOUGH ENERGY LEFT
TO POWER THEM.
SO WHAT DOES
ALL THIS MEAN?
IT MEANS
THAT FORT CHARLES
COULD BE A TARGET,
AND APRIL IS ON
HER WAY THERE.
COME ON,
SOMEBODY OPEN THIS THING!
HEY, WHY ARE
THE LIGHTS OUT?
MAYBE IT'S
A SURPRISE PARTY.
YEOW, IT'S FRANKULA!
NO WAY.
IT'S DRACKENSTEIN.
IT'S ME, YOU IDIOTS.
OH, HI, BOSS.
UH, BOSS,
HOW COME IT'S
SO DARK IN HERE?
BECAUSE WE'RE
OUT OF POWER, REMEMBER?
THAT'S WHY I SENT YOU
TO GET THOSE
ENERGY MODULES.
DID YOU GET THEM?
WELL, UH,
MORE OR LESS.
MORE OR LESS?
UM, ACTUALLY LESS.
ACTUALLY,
A LOT LESS.
OH, YOU BLITHERING
BLISTERBRAINS!
I OUGHT TO--
WE'RE FALLING!
SHREDDER, THE LEDGE WE'RE ON
IS STARTING TO CRUMBLE.
REALLY.
YOU DON'T SAY.
WE HAVE NO POWER
FOR THE REFRIGERATION
UNITS.
IF WE FALL
INTO THE LAVA,
OUR GOOSE
WILL BE COOKED.
WE'VE GOT TO FIND
AN ENERGY SOURCE
IMMEDIATELY!
THIS IS APRIL O'NEIL,
LIVE FROM FORT CHARLES--
THE ARMY'S NEWEST
HIGH-TECH STORAGE CENTER.
THIS IS PROBABLY THE MOST
HEAVILY FORTIFIED PLACE
ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH,
GUARDED BY LASER CANNONS,
FORCE FIELDS,
AND ROBOTIC SOLDIER DRONES,
AND ALL OF IT CONTROLLED
BY A SINGLE
PIECE OF EQUIPMENT--
CYCLOP,
THE MOST SOPHISTICATED
COMPUTER EVER BUILT.
WHOA, LOOKS LIKE MONDO
MAXIMO SECURITY TO ME.
LET'S HOPE IT'S ENOUGH
TO KEEP SHREDDER
AND HIS CREEPS
FROM TRYING TO GET
THAT ENERGY SOURCE.
ALL THIS SECURITY
IS TO PROTECT
WHAT'S INSIDE
THIS AIRTIGHT VAULT--
THE ONLY TRILITHIUM
CRYSTAL IN EXISTENCE
AND THE MOST POWERFUL
ENERGY SOURCE KNOWN TO MAN.
TRILITHIUM.
THAT'S WHAT WE NEED.
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR SKULL?
HA HA!
LOOK WHO'S TALKING.
OH, VERY FUNNY.
EVEN IF WE COULD
GET PAST THOSE DEFENSES,
THE CRYSTAL
IS HIGHLY UNSTABLE.
IT COULD BLOW US
ALL TO ATOMS.
VERY TRUE.
BUT I WANT THE TURTLES
TO THINK WE'RE STEALING
THE CRYSTAL
WHILE WE GET
THE ENERGY
TO REPOWER
THE TECHNODROME
ELSEWHERE.
YOU'RE USING UP
WHAT LITTLE POWER
WE HAVE LEFT.
IT WILL BE WORTH IT.
TRUST ME.
I'VE HEARD
THAT BEFORE.
EXTERNAL SIGNAL DETECTED.
PASSWORD OVERRIDE ACCEPTED.
NEW PROGRAMMING INPUT
ACKNOWLEDGED.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
REPROGRAMMING CYCLOP
BY REMOTE CONTROL.
BOSS,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HEY, ROCKSTEADY,
WHERE DID YOU--
OH, THERE YOU ARE.
GET OFF ME, YOU
HORN-HEADED KLUTZ!
SORRY, BOSS.
WELL, I HOPE YOU'RE
SATISFIED, SHREDDER.
NOW WE'RE COMPLETELY
OUT OF POWER.
YES,
BUT NOT FOR LONG.
ATTENTION, COMBAT DRONES.
PREPARE TO INPUT
NEW PROGRAMMING IMMEDIATELY.
HEY, WHERE ARE YOU TAKING ME?
WHERE ARE YOU TAKING ME?
WHAT IN THE HECK?
THIS IS VERY UNUSUAL,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
IT APPEARS
AS IF THE ROBOT DRONES
ARE CLEARING THE FORT
OF EVERY LIVING PERSON.
THIS IS APRIL O'NEIL
BEING SIGNED OFF.
I KNEW IT.
SHREDDER
HAS REPROGRAMMED
THAT ARMY COMPUTER.
AND APRIL'S TRAPPED
IN THAT AIRTIGHT VAULT!
AND IF IT ISN'T
OPENED SOON,
SHE'LL SUFFOCATE.
POUR IT ON, GUYS.
WE'VE GOT TO RESCUE APRIL
BEFORE HER AIR RUNS OUT.
HOW COME WE CAN'T EVER
HAVE A NICE LEISURELY
EMERGENCY?
THIS IS VERNON FENWICK
FOR CHANNEL 6 NEWS,
REPORTING
FROM FORT CHARLES LIVE.
THE SITUATION HERE
APPEARS HOPELESS.
THE ARMY'S OWN WEAPONS
HAVE TURNED AGAINST THEM.
DESPITE THE PERSONAL
DANGER,
CHANNEL 6'S COVERAGE OF
THIS CRISIS WILL CONTINUE.
AFTER THESE MESSAGES.
PEDAL FASTER.
THE SCREEN'S GOING DARK.
THIS IS THE STORY
OF MY LIFE--
PEDALING LIKE CRAZY
AND NOT GOING NOWHERE.
MY PLAN
IS WORKING PERFECTLY.
THE TURTLES SHOULD
BE THERE SOON.
ALL RIGHT, YOU CAN
STOP PEDALING NOW.
I'M GLAD
THEY AIN'T WATCHING
SOME MINISERIES.
NOW DO YOU APPRECIATE
THE BRILLIANCE
OF MY PLAN?
OH, IT'S NOT BAD
FOR A PEA-BRAINED HUMAN,
BUT WHERE DO YOU INTEND
TO GET THE POWER SUPPLY?
FROM
THE MALYK MISSILE PLANT.
WITH THOSE PESKY TURTLES
BUSY AT THE FORT,
EVEN YOUR IDIOTIC MUTANTS
SHOULD HAVE NO TROUBLE
STEALING
THE POWER PACKS.
WHY IS IT
WHENEVER THEY
MAKE A MISTAKE,
THEY'RE MY
IDIOTIC MUTANTS?
GET TO THAT
MISSILE PLANT.
GET OFF ME,
YOU KLUTZES.
AND GET TO THE SURFACE
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THEY LEFT THE SEWER LINE
TO THIS PLACE UNGUARDED.
THAT'S
MILITARY INTELLIGENCE
FOR YOU.
THIS WON'T BE
SO HARD AFTER ALL.
WELL, MAYBE
A LITTLE HARD.
THAT CAMERA
IS TARGETING US
FOR THOSE LASERS!
WE'VE GOT TO SHUT IT DOWN!
LEAVE IT
TO YOURS TRULY, BUD.
SWELL. ANOTHER DOZEN
DEATH-DEALING TRAPS LIKE THIS
AND WE'LL BE DONE
FOR THE DAY.
THEN WE BETTER
GET GOING.
STILL NO WORD
ON THE CONDITION
OF APRIL O'NEIL,
WHO'S IMPRISONED
INSIDE THE VAULT.
OFFICIALS WARN US
THE AIR WON'T LAST
MORE THAN ANOTHER HOUR.
BUT NEVER FEAR,
IF MISS O'NEIL SHOULD...
EXPIRE...
I SHALL CARRY ON
IN HER PLACE,
AND AT A RAISE
IN SALARY.
WE'RE AT
THE MISSILE PLANT.
NO, WE AIN'T.
WE'RE IN FRONT OF
THE FOUNTAIN
IN FRONT OF
THE MISSILE PLANT.
AH, CLOSE ENOUGH.
YEAH, BOSS?
HURRY UP AND
GET THOSE POWER PACKS.
WE'RE ON OUR WAY.
DON'T YOU JUST
LOVE THIS PART?
TURTLES,
PLEASE HURRY.
THIS WAY, GUYS.
MAYBE WE SHOULD TRY
ANOTHER ROOM, HUH, GUYS?
NOW I KNOW HOW
A HIGHWAY FEELS.
PREPARE TO BE TERMINATED.
THE DIGITAL DUDE
MEANS BUSINESS, AMIGOS.
MY HOROSCOPE SAID
I SHOULD SETTLE ALL
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
TRY INTERFACING WITH THIS,
CHROME DOME.
I THINK THAT
WAS A BAD IDEA.
QUICK, INTO
THE VENTILATION SHAFTS!
BODACIOUS NOTION, DUDE,
BEFORE WE
GET VENTILATED.
HURRY, LET'S MOVE IT!
WHEW, THAT WAS CLOSE.
PRIMO IDEA,
LEONARDO.
WE WON'T RUN IN
TO ANY DRONES HERE.
SOME KIND OF ROBOT RAFT.
OH, THERE'S
ONLY ONE.
LET'S KEEP MOVING.
HURRY UP, RAPHAEL.
HEY, I'M A TORTOISE,
NOT A HARE, OK?
THERE'S ANOTHER ONE.
COME IN, TURTLES.
PLEASE HURRY.
NOT MUCH AIR LEFT.
LOOK OUT!
WE'LL GET OUT
THIS WAY.
FOLLOW ME.
NOW, DON'T YOU KIDS
AT HOME TRY THIS.
WE'RE
TRAINED PROFESSIONALS.
THE SIGNAL IS
STRONGER.
WE MUST BE ON
THE RIGHT FLOOR.
10th FLOOR--
KILLER ROBOTS
AND TRILITHIUM CRYSTALS.
THIS IS WORKING
LIKE A CHARM.
YEAH. IT'S NICE
TO BE ABLE TO COMMIT A CRIME
WITHOUT THEM
TURTLES AROUND.
YOU FOLKS OUT THERE
JUST THINK OF ME
AS THE KIND OF REPORTER
WHO'S WILLING TO GET A STORY
NO MATTER
WHAT THE DANGER.
NOOO!
THIS IS VERNON FENWICK...
SIGNING OFF.
WE'RE NOT FAR NOW.
HANG ON, APRIL,
WE'RE COMING!
THAT'LL CLEAR
YOUR SINUSES.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT,
RAPHAEL?
YEAH, BUT I'M AFRAID
THAT'S ONLY TEMPORARY.
LOOK!
MORE KILLER DRONES.
AND I DON'T THINK
THEY'RE HERE TO SELL US
VACUUM CLEANERS.
TOTAL BUMMER, DUDES.
I'VE GOT A PLAN.
WHEN I SAY DUCK...
WE QUACK?
WE DUCK!
PRIMO IDEA, LEONARDO.
MORE DRONES.
I'VE GOT AN IDEA.
FOLLOW ME.
SO, LIKE,
WHERE ARE WE HEADED?
TO THE RESTROOM!
YOU REALLY SHOULD HAVE
TAKEN CARE OF THAT
BEFORE WE LEFT HOME,
DONATELLO.
YOU NOTICE
HOW THEY'RE NEVER AROUND
WHEN YOU REALLY NEED ONE.
AT LAST,
WE FOUND ONE.
NO TIME TO EXPLAIN.
JUST GRAB A MIRROR.
MIRRORS.
I GET IT!
MONDO BRAINSTORM,
DONATELLO.
HERE THEY COME.
GET READY.
TURTLES--4.
ROBOTS--ZIPPO.
THERE'LL BE MORE.
WE'VE GOT TO SHUT DOWN
THE COMPUTER
THAT'S CONTROLLING THEM.
HOW ARE WE GOING
TO DO THAT
WITHOUT
GETTING WASTED
BY THESE DRONES?
I ALWAYS SAY
IF YOU CAN'T BEAT THEM,
JOIN THEM.
ROCKSTEADY HERE.
IS THAT YOU, BOSS?
NO, IT'S
THE TOOTH FAIRY.
HEY, LET ME TALK
TO THAT CROOK.
I LEFT MY
LITTLE BABY TUSK
UNDER MY PILLOW
AND DIDN'T GET
NOTHING.
HURRY AND GET THOSE
POWER PACKS BACK HERE.
WHEN THE TURTLES REALIZE
WE'RE NOT AFTER
THE TRILITHIUM CRYSTAL,
THEY'LL COME FOR YOU.
WE CAN HANDLE THEM,
BOSS.
YOU NEVER HAVE BEFORE.
OH, I CAN'T STAND JUST
SITTING HERE IN THE DARK,
NOT KNOWING
WHAT'S HAPPENING!
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU'RE
USUALLY SITTING IN THE LIGHT,
NOT KNOWING
WHAT'S HAPPENING.
IF ONLY THERE WERE
SOME WAY
TO GET ENOUGH POWER
TO RUN THE MONITOR
SCREENS.
KRANG, HOW WOULD
YOU FEEL
ABOUT A
LITTLE EXERCISE?
THIS IS LIKE
HIGH-TECH HALLOWEEN.
THIS JUST MIGHT WORK.
I'M HOPING WE CAN FOOL
THAT SUPERCOMPUTER.
PERSONALLY, I DON'T THINK
WE COULD FOOL A SUNDIAL.
STILL, IT'S OUR
ONLY CHANCE.
COME ON,
APRIL'S TIME
IS RUNNING OUT.
JUST IN CASE,
HOW DO YOU SAY
"I SURRENDER" IN COMPUTERESE?
THIS BETTER
WORK, SHREDDER!
NEVER LET THEM
SEE YOU SWEAT.
FASTER, KRANG.
FEEL THE BURN.
WAIT A MINUTE--
I'M GETTING SOMETHING...
THERE.
OH, NO,
IT CAN'T BE!
GREAT. THE TURTLES
ARE STILL ALIVE.
NOT FOR LONG.
THEY'RE HEADED
FOR THE CYCLOP'S
CHAMBER.
THE COMPUTER
WILL RECOGNIZE
THEM INSTANTLY.
OOPS. I WONDER IF THEY
MAKE ROBOT SUSPENDERS.
WHAT A TIME
TO LOSE FACE.
CAN YOU GET CLOSE
ENOUGH TO CYCLOP
TO PULL THE PLUG?
I'LL TRY.
OW, THAT SMARTS!
UH-OH. BAD MOVE.
INTRUDER ALERT.
SHUT IT DOWN,
DONATELLO.
WE'LL BUY YOU THE TIME.
HAVE YOU TWO EVER MET
FACE-TO-FACE?
IF SHREDDER COULD GET
INTO THIS COMPUTER,
HOW TOUGH CAN IT BE?
LOOKS LIKE THEY'RE CANCELING
OUR TIME SLOT, DUDES.
GOT IT!
ALL RIGHT!
WAY TO GO,
DONATELLO!
CYCLOP'S DEACTIVATED,
AND THAT MEANS...
APRIL!
W-WHO IS IT?
THE CAVALRY
HAS ARRIVED, MA'AM.
THE TURTLES.
WHAT TOOK
YOU GUYS SO LONG?
LET THAT BE
A LESSON, GUYS.
NEVER KEEP A WOMAN WAITING.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
THEY
SHUT DOWN CYCLOP.
EXCELLENT. THAT MEANS
FORT CHARLES IS DEFENSELESS,
AND THE TRILITHIUM CRYSTAL
IS UP FOR GRABS.
THE TRILITHIUM
IS TOO UNSTABLE.
BUT WE CAN'T
BEAT THE PRICE.
BESIDES, YOUR MUTANTS
ARE SURE TO FAIL.
OH, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT. I'LL GO.
AND DON'T COME
BACK WITHOUT IT!
I'M ALL RIGHT NOW.
BOY, DOES IT FEEL GOOD
TO BREATHE AGAIN.
WE BETTER GET OUT OF HERE
SO THE ARMY CAN GET
THAT VAULT CLOSED.
YEAH, BUT I'M SURPRISED
SHREDDER HASN'T COME
LOOKING FOR THE CRYSTAL.
OH, LOOK OUT!
YOU AND YOUR BIG MOUTH.
OUT OF MY WAY,
TURTLES.
I WANT THAT CRYSTAL.
ONE MORE STEP,
SHREDDER,
AND KA-BOOM GOES
THE CRYSTAL.
YOU'RE BLUFFING, TURTLE.
YOU WOULDN'T
DESTROY YOURSELF
AND YOUR FRIENDS
JUST TO STOP ME.
OH, YEAH?
TURTLES DON'T
KNOW HOW TO BLUFF.
WINDUP,
AND THE PITCH!
NO!
RIGHT OVER THE PLATE.
STRIKE ONE!
GIVE ME THAT CRYSTAL.
STRIKE TWO!
STOP, YOU FOOLS.
ALL THIS TOSSING
IS DESTABILIZING
THE CRYSTAL'S ATOMIC
STRUCTURE.
REALLY?
WELL, IN THAT CASE,
YOU CAN HAVE IT.
STRIKE THREE!
YOU'RE OUT.
I JUST REMEMBERED,
YOU ONLY GET
THREE STRIKES.
COME ON! LET'S GET
OUT OF HERE
BEFORE
THE CRYSTAL BLOWS!
AT LEAST I GOT AWAY.
LET THOSE TURTLES DEAL
WITH THE CRYSTAL.
GOSH, I WONDER WHAT THAT
EXPLOSION DID DO TO SHREDDER?
NOTHING GOOD,
I HOPE.
I SEE YOU CAME BACK
WITH THE TRILITHIUM CRYSTAL.
THE POWER'S BACK ON.
BUT HOW?
HI, BOSS.
I TOLD YOU TO GET
THEM BRAKES FIXED.
FOR ONCE MY MUTANTS
DID SOMETHING RIGHT.
YEAH, BOSS.
WE BROUGHT BACK
THEM POWER PACKS.
YEAH, WE GOT
FULL POWER NOW.
AND NOT A MOMENT TOO SOON.
PREPARE TO START
MAIN THRUSTERS.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
KRANG AND SHREDDER
LOST ANOTHER CHANCE
TO POWER UP
THE TECHNODROME.
YEAH, IF THOSE ZIPHEADS
EVER GET THAT THING
RUNNING AGAIN,
I'LL EAT
THIS COMIC BOOK.
WE INTERRUPT THIS PROGRAM
FOR A SPECIAL BULLETIN.
TWO MUTANTS HAVE STOLEN
MISSILE POWER UNITS
FROM THE MALYK
MISSILE PLANT.
OH, NO.
THEY DID IT AGAIN.
MICHELANGELO,
STAY RIGHT THERE.
BON APPETIT.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org